hello are welcome to channel
capital 57 today we will talk about a very
interesting one of the superiors more
of the marvel universe and of
all times has been one of the most
popular since now that they have fought
next to the avengers and has beaten
his great enemies and that thanks to his
movies opened steps to many
superheroes and most importantly to the
avengers
we talk about Ironman and these are 10
curiosities that you did not know about ironman
we start
number 1 ironman one of the series
marvel comics originals remote
until the first appearance of the character
in the comic book of marvel test of spain in
April 1963
number 2 the comic book was created by stan
read the book tom hick jack kirby
number 3 the character of condis tank the
ironman's alter ego is inspired by
part in the personality of the deceased
tycoon howard hughes
number 4 in the history of comics
original marvel tom star was a hero
anticommunist who was dejected and
captured while he was
Hernando visitor for the movie is
rubbed in the story so that
reflect new technologies and
changes in the political and social landscape and
economic of the current world
number 5 the actors sam broadway tom
Cruise and nicolas cage were the
first options to interpret
Tony Stark however Robert Downey
junior convinced the director of the
movie john france
rock way personified the rival to be
here justin hummer in iron man 2
number 6 the process of putting the armor
complete robert downey junior bears
approximately between 30 and 40 minutes at
advance filming the team modified the
armor and also created a replica in
gum to release the gift of the
physical destructions of the armor
number 7 in August 2012 robert
downey junior suffered an accident
during the filming of iron man 3 what
that delayed production by a short
time until he recovered
number 8 the director jon favreau embodies
back to happy holder the
trusted bodyguard me out
friend of Peter and toni he appeared in the
previous films
number 9 ironman made his first
appearance on television in the series
marvel superheroes as one of the 5
major superiors
number 10 in 1981 ironman appeared as
guest in the animated series spider-man
and his amazing friends for whom
william marshall presented his voice
good friends this has been all for this
video if you liked the video give me a
I like it and share it with your friends if
you have not subscribed to my channel I invite you
to subscribe as there will be many better
videos every week greets you captain 57
until next time
to the